today we're going to be taking a quick
walk super-clean 2006 Toyota Sequoia
Limited four-wheel drive start off all
give you a look at the exterior here
this sequoia is a salsa red pearl on tan
leather see the paint
you know these SUVs are really good in
this color see the front of the nose
here really clean
coming on the side these are split
five-spoke these are the stock sukhoi
wheels they're all in excellent shape as
you expect with such a tall tire height
I wouldn't worry about curb rash with
that large of a tire
of course you ever side steps that's all
standard you have moonroof see down the
side here you get limited badging there
this is a limited
the tow package down there and you get a
proper badge in there there's your v8
four-wheel drive you know pretty much
same story down the passenger side of
you're really not much to mention all
the lines nice and straight paints good
she does a clean car take a look at the
front see that's the coy here real quick
here on your door family got a your
power windows and locks this one does
have the JBL sound system you can see
right there and as I said before this is
a limited so you're get your 8 way
adjustable power seats with lumbar
support there and of course leather is
standard and leather is in excellent
shape see right there on the passenger
seat as well and of course your
dashboard is perfect particularly your
back seating area here you see the
leather back here in your second row
really good and of course I know it's a
little dark but your third row seats
there of course the leather part on the
brand-new back there those don't getting
using there as much and this one does
have an aftermarket DVD system right
there works fine and you do have two
wireless headphones and of course
excellent leg over the back as you
expect with this size of an SUV
here that v8 fires up nice and smooth
you know this is your basic Sequoia
gauges here real nice and easy to read
got a nice chrome lip around the gauges
you can see the mileage on this one just
over ninety five thousand miles I need
nobody need these Toyota's they you know
they run forever if they're taken care
of
you know let's look at some of the
features here in this one this one's
pretty loaded so look at some of those
features
stop right here to the leftist steering
wheel this one does have your power rear
window as you expect on most eclipses
hundreds all have that nice feature
there
you got your multifunction steering
wheel here of course with your all your
radio controls and mode and this one
does have the factory navigation system
really good navigation system really
easy to use it's a touchscreen there you
go right there
there's your map you can see nice and
easy to read really good colors I have
the lights on right now that's why it's
black we're gonna turn the lights off it
goes to a white background and you know
just pretty clear-cut
I got a nice climate control system here
and here's your 4 wheel drive controls
and this is a 4 wheel drive it is
electronically controlled and of course
you have your front heated seats and
power mirrors there we've got a big
center console a lot of storage in there
I'm really good SUV got got the nav got
the four-wheel drive I really what else
do you need this Sukhoi is gonna come
with a v8 4.7 liter it's a 30 mm j'en
puts out 273 horsepower this thing you
know can really move if you wanted to
really smooth acceleration you can route
that to the four-wheel drive system this
thing can tow a lot of things real
all-purpose SUV you know this is a
really really nice Sequoia you got the
nav you got the DVD four-wheel drive
limited really not much else you can
throw into this Sequoia let's make it
any more loads than it is go and go to
our website if you have any more
interest in this vehicle we've got a lot
of high quality pictures Auto Check
report pricing everything need to know
Eder echt motors calm thanks again
you